---
layout: post
title: "Spooook"
date: 2019-10-01
---

## Happy October!

It's October 1st and I'm getting really nervous! I have my second driver's test on the 17th and I **_REALLY_** want to pass it. I have things already planned when I get my license.

Anyway, like I said in my last post, Intermediate App Dev is kind of challenging right now. Today though, everything started to make sense and it made me really happy. That being said, I still need to practice doing everything on my own from scratch in preparation for our in-class assessment on the 8th (a week from now). 

Dan Gilleland, our instructor, is very helpful and very thorough with his teaching. I had him as my instructor for my database course and I had lots of fun in that class.

Yesterday, my friend Emily and I hung out and she told me how hard the course would be at the end of the semester. She told me that in their workplace they use the actual git command line rather than using the git desktop (which is what I'm really used to). So, I decided to _push_ myself (pun intended lol) into learning git commands and using the powershell to manipulate my repository.

I'm thinking of making a side project. At work, my manager challenged me to create a list of our regular customer's drinks and describe them. I'm planning to make a static site that shows the list to everyone and in the future, maybe add a feature where users can add the drinks that I missed or delete drinks that are already there. (And maybe an update feature too.) I'm excited for this side project!

