---
layout: post
title: "My first hack day"
date: 2020-01-11
---

#### Hack Day at Startup Edmonton :eyes:

Startup Edmonton hosts a hack day every month (I believe) where developers gather and work on their projects, share their experiences, and network. Right now, I think I'm the only new person here, and everyone knows each other (or just very social).

Speaking of social, that is something I **REALLY** need to work on. I sometimes have troubles talking/initiating conversations with people I don't really know, and I feel like if that's a problem for me, it'll be harder for me to network.

Anyway, I started my internship yesterday! I met the other software development intern from NAIT, and he seemed cool. The first day was fun, we didn't really do much so I just read and did the basics of Vue.js, since that's what we're gonna work on for a bit for a proj.

Back to hack day. As I am writing this, I'm still thinking on what I want to do for my side project. I initially wanted to create a web app that is made with Vue and an API (whichever seems the most fun to play with), but as I was learning more about APIs, I wanted to create a simple one myself to fully understand how it works. Don't know what it's gonna be about, but it's going to be simple and dumb lol.

After being in the building for a few hours, my co-intern arrived and I was glad that he did because I didn't really know anyone (except for the DMIT grads). He gave me a nice tutorial on creating a Node.js API. Hopefully this tutorial will help me fully understand APIs and how they work.


