---
layout: post
title: "Happy New Year - An Update"
date: 2020-01-07
---

#### :octopus: 2020 is here! :octopus:

I turned 23 yesterday. Oof, I'm old.

A lot of things happened after I stopped (took a break? lol) posting on this tiny blog. Here's a list of what happened:

1. Intermediate App Dev became really challenging. I don't know how I survived that class, but I'm very glad that I did. I feel like there wasn't enough time for the instructors to teach what we _need_ to learn. Because of that, at the very end, we had to do a lot of research on our own. I'm personally not against researching and learning on my own, but doing that while creating the project due was overwhemling.

2. I got two internship interviews in one day. One was for TRIO, a non-profit organization. The other one was for AltaML, a startup company. This was the first time I got interviewed for an internship related to my field, so I didn't know what to expect. 

    The interview I had with TRIO was a little intimidating and scary(?) for me. On the other hand, the interview with AltaML was fun and interesting. I enjoyed my time there. Talking to Mike and Mark (AltaML peeps) was, in a way, relieving.

    After two (?) weeks of constantly checking my email, AltaML sent me an email offering the internship position. I couldn't be happier. I start this Friday, January 10th. I can't wait.

3. I quit my job as a barista at Starbucks. It was bittersweet, most of my friends at work were sad because I quit, but they're also happy that I got the internship.

4. I'm doing my capstone project this semester. Our class is at night, and is a bit weird. We have a lot of people from different DMIT streams. I'm very excited to start on working on our project, since we were told that we are going to work with AI.

[Favorite music at the moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jXUSxq30hA "Lane 8 - Little Voices")